README.md, before:

<p align="center" alt="logo" style="font-size:42px; font-family:bold;">
  🌱 Encourage
</p>

<p align="center">
    <b>Encourage - the all-in one solution for using local LLMs with RAG</b>. <br />
    The fastest way to build scripts for LLM and RAG models. <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/chroma-core/chroma/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=Apache 2.0&color=white" alt="License">
    </a>

</p>

This repository provides a flexible library for running local inference with or without context, leveraging a variety of popular LLM libraries for enhanced functionality:

- 📦 **[vllm](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm)**
  - Enables conversational and batch inference, optimizing parallel processing.
- ⚙️ **[jinja2](https://github.com/pallets/jinja)**
  - Offers a template engine for dynamic prompt generation.
- 📝 **[mlflow](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow)**
  - Designed to ensure observability of the model performance and tracing.
- 🔄 **[chroma](https://github.com/chroma-core/chroma)**
  - Strong in-memory vector database for efficient data retrieval.
- 🧭 **[qdrant](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant)**
  - Supports robust vector search for efficient data retrieval.

---

### 🚀 Getting Started

```python

pip install encourage
```

To initialize the environment using `uv`, run the following command:

```bash
uv sync
```

### ⚡ Usage Inference Runners

For understanding how to use the inference runners, refer to the following tutorials:

- [ChatInferenceRunner](./docs/conversation.md)
- [BatchInferenceRunner](./docs/batch_inference.md)

### ⚙️ Custom Templates

To use a custom template for the inference, follow the steps below:

- [Create a custom template](./docs/templates.md)


### 📈 Model Tracking

For tracking the model performance, use the following commands:

- [Track the model](./docs/mlflow.md)

Commit message:

docs: update README and add RAG methods documentation for enhanced context retrieval

README.md, after:

<p align="center" alt="logo" style="font-size:42px; font-family:bold;">
  🌱 Encourage
</p>

<p align="center">
    <b>Encourage - the all-in one solution for using local LLMs with RAG</b>. <br />
    The fastest way to build scripts for LLM and RAG models. <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/chroma-core/chroma/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=Apache 2.0&color=white" alt="License">
    </a>

</p>

This repository provides a flexible library for running local inference with or without context, leveraging a variety of popular LLM libraries for enhanced functionality:

- 📦 **[vllm](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm)**
  - Enables conversational and batch inference, optimizing parallel processing.
- ⚙️ **[jinja2](https://github.com/pallets/jinja)**
  - Offers a template engine for dynamic prompt generation.
- 📝 **[mlflow](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow)**
  - Designed to ensure observability of the model performance and tracing.
- 🔄 **[chroma](https://github.com/chroma-core/chroma)**
  - Strong in-memory vector database for efficient data retrieval.
- 🧭 **[qdrant](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant)**
  - Supports robust vector search for efficient data retrieval.

---

### 🚀 Getting Started

```python
pip install encourage
```

To initialize the environment using `uv`, run the following command:

```bash
uv sync
```

### ⚡ Usage Inference Runners

For understanding how to use the inference runners, refer to the following tutorials:

- [ChatInferenceRunner](./docs/conversation.md)
- [BatchInferenceRunner](./docs/batch_inference.md)

### 🔍 RAG Methods

Encourage provides several RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) methods to enhance your LLM responses with relevant context:

- [Overview of RAG Methods](./docs/rag_methods.md)

### 📊 Evaluation Metrics

Encourage offers a comprehensive set of metrics for evaluating LLM and RAG performance:

- [Metrics Overview](./docs/metrics_overview.md) - Table of all available metrics
- [Metrics Explanation](./docs/metrics_explanation.md) - Detailed explanations and formulas
- [Metrics Tutorial](./docs/metrics_tutorial.md) - Step-by-step guide to using metrics

### ⚙️ Custom Templates

To use a custom template for the inference, follow the steps below:

- [Create a custom template](./docs/templates.md)

### 📈 Model Tracking

For tracking the model performance, use the following commands:

- [Track the model](./docs/mlflow.md)
